Add AI policy (#3028)
f3d-app/f3d: AI_POLICY.md

# AI Policy

F3D maintainers believe that generative AI is a special tool that require special care, in that regards, if you use AI to contribute to F3D, you need to:

- Disclose that you are using AI
- Use it in a precise way, to help with precise tasks
- Never let it think or talk for you

Here are different example usages and how acceptable it is:

1. I use AI to do research.

This is ok, this is your own internal process.

1. I use AI to do research and share the results with others.

You MUST disclose the results came from an AI especially if
no other sources corroborate the results of that research.
The model used should be disclosed as well.

1. I use AI to do write comments, chat, and discuss with others.

This is unacceptable and you will be warned and BANNED on repeated offenses.
Use your own voice.

1. I use AI to improve my comments because english is not my first language.

This is acceptable as long as it is used just as a correction tool, not a writing tool,

> but this is really not needed, you will not be judges on the quality of the text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but this is really not needed, you will not be judged on the quality of the text.
```

1. I use AI to write code then rewrite it for my own needs when I contribute code.

This is acceptable and doesn't need to be disclosed as long as no AI code is copy/pasted.

1. I use AI as a smart auto completer to write docs, tests, repeated parts of code.

> This must be disclosed in the MR description, with details on which part of the code was generated and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This must be disclosed in the pull request description, with details on which part of the code was generated and
```
